karpenter: fix docs links (#271)
aws/aws-eks-best-practices: content/karpenter/index.md

### Run the Karpenter controller on EKS Fargate or on a worker node that belongs to a node group

Karpenter is installed using a [Helm chart](https://karpenter.sh/docs/getting-started/). The Helm chart installs the Karpenter controller and a webhook pod as a Deployment that needs to run before the controller can be used for scaling your cluster. We recommend a minimum of one small node group with at least one worker node. As an alternative, you can run these pods on EKS Fargate by creating a Fargate profile for the `karpenter` namespace. Doing so will cause all pods deployed into this namespace to run on EKS Fargate. Do not run Karpenter on a node that is managed by Karpenter.

### Avoid using custom launch templates with Karpenter

Karpenter strongly recommends against using custom launch templates. Using custom launch templates prevents multi-architecture support, the ability to automatically upgrade nodes, and securityGroup discovery. Using launch templates may also cause confusion because certain fields are duplicated within Karpenter’s provisioners while others are ignored by Karpenter, e.g. subnets and instance types.

> You can often avoid using launch templates by using custom user data and/or directly specifying custom AMIs in the AWS node template.  More information on how to do this is available at [Node Templates](https://karpenter.sh/conceps/node-templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can often avoid using launch templates by using custom user data and/or directly specifying custom AMIs in the AWS node template.  More information on how to do this is available at [Node Templates](https://karpenter.sh/docs/concepts/node-templates).
```
I think this will take you to the latest version of that page.

### Follow EKS best practices for high availability

> If you need to run highly available applications, follow general EKS best practice [recommendations](https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/reliability/docs/application/#recommendations). See [Topology Spread](https://karpenter.sh/preview/tasks/scheduling/#topology-spread) in Karpenter documentation for details on how to spread pods across nodes and zones. Use [Disruption Budgets](https://karpenter.sh/docs/troubleshooting/#disruption-budgets) to set the minimum available pods that need to be maintained, in case there are attempts to evict or delete pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to run highly available applications, follow general EKS best practice [recommendations](https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/reliability/docs/application/#recommendations). See [Topology Spread](https://karpenter.sh/docs/concepts/scheduling/#topology-spread) in Karpenter documentation for details on how to spread pods across nodes and zones. Use [Disruption Budgets](https://karpenter.sh/docs/troubleshooting/#disruption-budgets) to set the minimum available pods that need to be maintained, in case there are attempts to evict or delete pods.
```
